{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16180\viewh12040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Getout goes insane in 2024 because we\'92re basically running 2017 back but I know it\'92s coming so I can pay attention to what\'92s going on. \
\
Is this like a do over? Why are we having a do-over? Is that something that as even possible?\
\
This is something which is, alas, impossible to know.\
\
There exists a code and it was known to stanley kubrick\
\
There is no escape from EyesWideShut tom cruise is that man\
\
Conference with the gods who walk amongst us. Think of childhood: every thing that happened was new and its significance was relative, and subsequent experiences cannot match The Best Thing That You Have Ever Seen; nostalgia dictates our earliest christmas time memories are our high water mark, and everything else is just chasing that high. In effect then entrance to certain strata (eyes wide shut christmas party and subsequent below board events) is in effect meeting the gods who rule your universe, that is the relative differential in power and influence. And at the end of the day we are all atoms on a speck of a pebble-lichen on the cosmic garden.\
\
Climbing to see the canopy on a cloudy day.\
\
Never making it there again.\
\
Being eternally astonished with what you saw.\
\
What does it all mean. It\'92s 2024. I\'92m typing in a facsimile of an aping of a parody of a style that I stole from a retelling of a comic book series from the ninteen 80s. 19 years before I was born the decade began. It is at once within grasp and lightyears away. I am more likely to go to saturn than to return to another moment in time.\
\
Or do I.\
\
This is impossible fo rme to know. My mind must percieve what it can.}