{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The acknowledgement of doubt\
\
\'93Just because you can, doesn\'92t mean you should\'94\
\
I was never a note-taker. I had to be compelled to use the \'93agenda planners\'94 that were given to each of the students in my elementary school because I would otherwise flatly refuse to do so. It\'92s not even like I remembered all my homework without using the planner. I would not write it down, then I would forget what I was meant to have written down, instead making the task of even figuring out 
\f1\i what 
\f0\i0 my homework even 
\f1\i was 
\f0\i0 into a completely unnecessary challenge (this is if I even bothered to do it).\
\
All this is to say-\
\
It feels dishonest to even consider the concept of \'93writing for myself\'94 or anything like that. At least, I would think that if I were to be \'93writing for myself\'94 then I would not be leaving the things I have written in places that others could come across them. If I were writing for myself then I wouldn\'92t have such viscerally negative feelings towards all the things I have ever written- why would I do something that only makes me feel worse? I have a prototype in my head where I can write things and through reading those things, other people can get closer to me; as it stands it feels as though nobody is ever closer than across the room from me, I only half-hear the things they say, at best I myself am only half-heard. If I were writing for myself then I would not be so protective of my words: I feel as though the things I am writing are not accurate depictions of my actual thoughts or feelings. Alternatively, maybe the things I\'92m writing are too close to my actual thoughts; I have no separation, and I\'92m uncomfortable with how weak everything is when help up to scrutiny. I have not studied writing. I have not been graded on it. Why, then?\
\
I write because I feel I have to. People feel the same things that I am feeling, and many of those people are actually right. We have enough genre fiction written by wattpad authors who use terms like \'93MC\'94, judge their own progress by their word count (??????) and make miserable, trite references in failed attempts to bring levity to their trite writing and their trite lives.\
\
In the grand scheme of things I am no different than the people whose thoughts and ideas I despise. There is certainly a person whose mind is stronger than mine to whom all of my thoughts are trite and trivial. In fact it\'92s possible nay likely that the exact people I judge as operating on levels below my own would themselves encounter my navel-gazing nonsense text and be glad that they have the good sense to write about fucking fantasy-wizard-romance bullshit. That does not stop me from feeling that I am above it, that feeling is only natural, and at least I\'92m feeling emotionally conflicted over discussion of my own emotions. I\'92m supposed to feel conflicted about that! Worrying that your protagonist\'92s witty sidekick doesn\'92t have the 
\f1\i zip
\f0\i0  he needs is beneath me.\
\
Is this what Kipling meant? I\'92m crushed by knowing for a fact that I am wrong. I have to proceed as though this isn\'92t the case.}