{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Intellectual honesty through material honesty.\
\
Among the meanings of this sentence is one which summarizes my goal here.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\'93What did he do with the typewriter\'85? He flung it off a cliff onto the rocks!\'94\
\
Nostalgia is a memory that lies. If I want to succeed in writing things of value (and I will need to define value later) I need to keep myself away from the lies and smokescreens that cause poor judgement. I need to keep myself up to date, as best I can, using the best, most natural tools at my disposal, or I am by default lying.\
\
I did not have a typewriter when I was growing up. If I was to type, it was on a beige desktop PC, which became a silver PC, which became a black PC, which became a laptop computer that grows older with each passing day. The typewriter existed in the periphery with all its symbolic significance, significance which for a time, of course, was enamoring to me; I recall using an electric typewriter to type into printed forms when I was around 13, because at the time this is the sort of thing that I thought was cool. I would use the typewriter to write. I was committed to this \'93simplification.\'94 \
\
In retrospect I am obviously lying to myself; the typewriter makes writing even more difficult, impractical, and it just doesn\'92t solve any problems or do anything I can\'92t do better with other means.\
\
All this as to say, my impulse is thus:\
\
I write my thoughts in the most simple text editor that is available to me. I have no idea or concept that I cannot express in the text editor that is somehow made available to me in microsoft word, google docs, or whatever bullshit \'93writing program\'94 people who fetishize themselves as \'93writers\'94 flock to. I will type into this text editor using whichever method is available to me. If I am sitting somewhere on a laptop, I will use the laptop\'92s keyboard. I am not going to bring a keyboard with me into a starbucks like some kind of asshole. There is nothing that I can do on some other keyboard that lights up with gamer colors and serves as little more than an additional totem of wealth and means that can only be interpreted by the biggest fucking losers you have ever seen. It\'92s the technological equivalent of the old bodybuilding.com joke that the only people who will 
\f1\i ever 
\f0\i0 appreciate the extent of the meaning, and thus the respect earned in the feat, of becoming extremely muscular, are other dudes with the same interest. No self-respecting person cares that your Rolex Submariner is a no-date without the cyclops.\
\
A person looking to create, in the most general sense, can find themselves overwhelmed for choice. This is in no way helped by the requisite feelings of anxiety which prompt this feeling of need: \'93I have so many thoughts in my head / I need to get some of them out or I will not able to feel calm\'94. The third step in this line is, most simply, \'93how?\'94\
\
I feel a kinship with ghosts. \
\
\
\
We find ourselves not too dissimilar from the way we imagine ghosts: mute without a medium. Expression in any way is an act of faith in the medium we choose. What good are written words if I cannot trust the text itself? For the system to work as I visualize it, the language of written english must \'93hear\'94 the ideas which I put into it, and express itself in step with the intentions or goals of the ideas that I\'92m hoping to express. }