{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18380\viewh12960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The state of affairs\
\
The water we drink every day has never been more murky.\
\
It astonished me at twelve to come across people who had never seen the ocean before. These were not \'93random\'94 people either; through some combinatrics of definition a person (such as my mother) could say these were family members of mine. They had come from a place further than I could realistically conceive at the time (Ohio). It had to be clarified at least once that in more strict definitions these people were completely unrelated to me, instead descendants of a matriarch whom my father\'92s brother married after-the-fact. The two nuclei attached to the brothers came into each others eyeline for what may be the only time. Our visits to Delaware, a strange shell-territory of a place, would never coincide with them again. Their father (my grandfather) has now been dead for six years. Only my uncle seems to have felt the blood-gravity; for reasons I forget no other representatives of that Ohio clan made the trip back to Ocean View in October 2019. Maybe it\'92s because the beach was out of season by then.\
\
I would have been around five when the dividing line went up. There was a war on in Iraq now. Bush Jr. had been re-elected as President. I knew this because it annoyed my mother, who complained to my father that his brother in Ohio had \'93dropped the ball\'94. At this point I was a few years removed from naming the US states by shape and assembling them in a brightly colored puzzle of engineered wood. My mother will cite this as an example of prodigiousness on my part, long after I must have already forgotten whatever it was that I knew.\
\
I\'92m uncertain when my sense of discomfort around other people came to be. I don\'92t think this feeling is unilateral, but in real terms it doesn\'92t matter if the repulsion is inherent or induced to whichever party.\
\
 I first saw a Great Lake firsthand when I was decently older. It was not planned, instead consequence of greater ripples far beyond anyone\'92s control. Inconceivably far from my home and the greater Atlantic, while they were battered by storms, I met Lake Erie. The winds were round, saltless, wholly foreign. I have never seen a more empty horizon.\
\
}