{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14820\viewh11580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Mission Statements / Reasons for Being / Why?\
\
Each paragraph exists as a flow of observations and their subsequent conclusions. As each thought leads to another, the conclusion becomes the observation, leading to further developments. Each sentence serves as a breakpoint. One studying, observing, or even just musing could take a different path through the branches than I have as the writer. As the writer I must bear the proverbial cross of choosing a branch as I continue climbing the tree. My eventual goal is of course to reach the canopy from which I can see the light of sun. At any point, I am prone to selecting a branch which is either rotten, dead, or underdeveloped; this branch can no longer support my weight, and it gives way; I fall some distance, becoming further from the goal I\'92ve set out, landing either on the forest floor or in some branches below me. Death could come at any moment, from the fall or some creature beyond my comprehension either amongst the branches, on the forest floor, or a random brain hemorrhage. I could scrape my leg on some bark. This could happen countless times. With time these scrapes on my body could join the ranks of the nose in my vision, my breathing, blinking, eye floaters, the position of my tongue in my mouth, data points thrown out so that my brain can have the slightest chance of macroscopic function. I can never be free from the blur of my nose in the lower center of my view. I can never be free from the oscillating ring in my hearing. Yet at any moment the ring could eclipse the sound of music in my ears. My sight of words on a page or birds in the distance could dissolve into a field entirely of floating bits and protozoa. The most recent scrape to well calloused hands could become infected, and the whole system goes septic. This is of course if a branch hasn\'92t broken first sending me falling to my death.\
\
There exist, so far as I can tell, shades of distinction between the concepts of \'93nature\'94 and \'93compulsion\'94. Drives and desires are natural until they are no longer normative, at which point they become compulsive.\
\
A man is placed in a room and told to wait for his appointment. Through social pressure and desire to see the appointment through (I\'92ve taken time off work for this, damn it!) he will continue to wait in this room. In this room he becomes Schrodinger\'92s cat. The door to the room never so much as shuts, let alone locks, yet a plurality of psychosocial factors form compulsion no different to a physically locked door. He cannot leave. He can leave. He does not. He does.\
\
If the door had been shut, does this make him more aware of his confinement? Does his awareness of confinement prod him to a desire to exit?\
\
We can place an electrode in the waiting room; in other contexts maybe it can be used for some material purpose, but here, in this room, it\'92s a monolithic(?) object that simply sits alone on a table. It serves one functional purpose in our example: if the man touches it, he will be shocked. This shock is not enough do cause anything beyond slight pain (let\'92s equate it to a pin-prick, or the tiny burns when hot oil spits on a pan and hits the skin). Once the man is bored enough, he will start to touch the electrode repeatedly. It never stops hurting, but pain is preferable to boredom.\
\
Nederkoorn C, Vancleef L, Wilkenh\'f6ner A, Claes L, Havermans RC. Self-inflicted pain out of boredom. Psychiatry Res. 2016 Mar 30;237:127-32. doi: 10.1016/j.psychres.2016.01.063. Epub 2016 Jan 28. PMID: 26847946.\
\
As far as I can tell, it\'92s just not up to me. I have to shock myself. I have to try and climb the trees. Collecting those ideas which I understand to be signals flashing across synapses in my brain seems like the best way to impose some sort of accountability onto the system.\
\
In my digressions I have strayed too far from my original goals for this document. I will have to try again.}