{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17720\viewh13360\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How can an idea be linearized?\
\
Events happen in a setting; in a film, we can have staging and action, written words are more imperative. How can I make sure that everything remains aligned in the continuum?\
\
A cinematographer frames a scene within a box. Our eyes pick a focal point. \
\
I can write endless lines of visual description. That is not enough. Things need to happen. The way in which I order my words and lines means something. It\'92s important.\
\
I fear that if I pay enough attention to see that writers deal with similar problems to my own when writing, the answers I will find will prove that the task of writing is so herculean that I could never actually accomplish it effectively. Who cares if I can question-and-answer with words like some kind of dictionary? There\'92s nothing compelling there. I see the sun in flashes between the leaves of the trees. I know that if I can reach their height, I will be able to see the sun myself.\
\
That\'92s worth exploring.\
\
I am in a forest. It would be wrong to say that I \'93awaken\'94 there, or that I \'93appear\'94 there, or that I \'93find myself\'94 there. I simply am. All the action which lead here is indeterminate. This would feel similar to Frost, but I wouldn\'92t necessarily think of the forest as snowy- on the contrary, one of the most essential points to this forest is that the sun is \'93out\'94. Change in weather notwithstanding I am still at a crossroads.\
\
\'93No, dude, the game is \'91would you rather.\'92 You 
\f1\i have 
\f0\i0 to pick one. 
\f1\i Neither 
\f0\i0 ruins the point, man. Come on.\'94\
\
I see the sun through the leaves of the trees. I want to see the sun. I can scale a tree, or cut it down, or try to escape the forest. All of these tasks would be made far easier with requisite tools, unfortunately each item I have has the amorphous and alien quality of the unidentified; I am a victorian child being shown a Tik Tok. The tools which I have appear so far beyond my knowledge or comprehension that their very physical attributes are fluid, textures at once leathery, metallic, impossibly heavy and weightless, blinding for their brightness and inscrutable darkness. All their attributes down to their being exist somewhere beyond me.\
\
The whole of the forest is a monument to the uncertain. The brain is not fully caught up with the senses; things \'93are\'94 in this beautiful spectrum of being and non-being, but we can only quantify them through \'93are\'94 or \'93are not.\'94 Something \'93is not\'94 - we\'92re applying a nullifier to the default state that is! How can we even begin to tackle the spectral nature of being?\
\
}